Altogether there were more than half a million people in the Land of
Oz -- although some of them, as you will soon learn, were not made of
flesh and blood as we are -- and every inhabitant of that favored
country was happy and prosperous.

<p>No disease of any sort was ever known among the Ozites, and so no one
ever died unless he met with an accident that prevented him from
living.  This happened very seldom, indeed.  There were no poor people
in the Land of Oz, because there was no such thing as money, and all
property of every sort belonged to the Ruler.  The people were her
children, and she cared for them.  Each person was given freely by his
neighbors whatever he required for his use, which is as much as any one
may reasonably desire.  Some tilled the lands and raised great crops
of grain, which was divided equally among the entire population, so
that all had enough.  There were many tailors and dressmakers and
shoemakers and the like, who made things that any who desired them
might wear.  Likewise there were jewelers who made ornaments for the
person, which pleased and beautified the people, and these ornaments
also were free to those who asked for them.  Each man and woman, no
matter what he or she produced for the good of the community, was
supplied by the neighbors with food and clothing and a house and
furniture and ornaments and games.  If by chance the supply ever ran
short, more was taken from the great storehouses of the Ruler, which
were afterward filled up again when there was more of any article than
the people needed.

<p>Every one worked half the time and played half the time, and the
people enjoyed the work as much as they did the play, because it is
good to be occupied and to have something to do.  There were no cruel
overseers set to watch them, and no one to rebuke them or to find
fault with them.  So each one was proud to do all he could for his
friends and neighbors, and was glad when they would accept the things
he produced.

<p>You will know by what I have here told you, that the Land of Oz was a
remarkable country.  I do not suppose such an arrangement would be
practical with us, but Dorothy assures me that it works finely with
the Oz people.